Code-level metrics anomaly detection (#14149)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/codestream/codestream-integrations/notifications.mdx

CodeStream also offers the following desktop notifications.

> * **Notify me about performance issues**: New methods in the code that are performing poorly, based on code-level metrics [anomaly detection](/docs/codestream/how-use-codestream/performance-monitoriing#clm-anomalies) will trigger a toast notification. Note that if you have mutliple repositories open in your IDE and/or multiple servics associated with those repositories, you'll only get notified about the first method with anomalous performance. Be sure to check Code-Level Metrics in the Observability section for the complete list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Notify me about performance issues**: New methods in the code that are performing poorly will trigger a toast notification, based on code-level metrics [anomaly detection](/docs/codestream/how-use-codestream/performance-monitoriing#clm-anomalies). Note that if you have multiple repositories open in your IDE and/or multiple services associated with those repositories, you'll only get notified about the first method with anomalous performance. Be sure to check **Code-Level Metrics** in the **Observability** section for the complete list.
```
